#summary Program features

= Introduction =

This application was written because I wanted to automatically synchronize my music folder in [http://www.wuala.com Wuala] to my Android phone. Currently there is no full featured Wuala client for android, so here is a lightweight client using Wuala web API.


= Details =

Some features provides by the application:
  * Configure Wuala web URL and key as the synchronization source
  * Files are synchronized to the phones external storage device (SD card)
  * Synchronization is only one-way! From Wuala to Android.
  * Synchronization process runs in background, possible to schedule every 30 min, 1 hour, ... Scheduling using Android AlarmManager so it's battery-friendly.
  * Graphical interface displaying synchronization progress and application configuration
  * Does not ask for your Wuala username or password!

Configuration options:
  * Enable service - scheduled background syncronization process
  * Wuala shared folder URL and key
  * Destination folder
  * Allow file deletion - if file is removed from Wuala folder, then also remove from phone
  * Synchronization interval - if service is enabled, then how ofter the synchronization is executed
  * Allow sync only when connected with Wifi

= Installation =

Click the Source tab in this website. There you can download the full source code.
You need Android SDK and Eclipse - [http://developer.android.com/guide/developing/eclipse-adt.html Instructions]

There is also fully compiled APK file, that should be directly installable to the device. [http://www.google.ee/search?q=install+apk+file+on+android Google should help with that task]